hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to my channel we're not in my old
apartment anymore I don't even have like
the setup yeah whoop this is just what
we're gonna use but I have to figure out
like the new setup won't be with my bed
in the background anymore since we're in
on one bedroom but I feel like it's been
forever since I've chatted with you guys
I've been trying to release more video
workouts guide workouts because of the
times that we're in and because you guys
have been asked requesting it but I
decided it's time to switch it up
because I miss chatting with you guys I
wanted to give you some live updates
check in with you and also in case you
over there this politics has an open up
the small attic shop this has been so
long in the making I'm so excited you're
something for everyone in this
collection you guys are going to
absolutely love it so without further
ado run the tapes
[Music]
I'm so excited I'm wearing one of my
favorite pieces of the collection which
is this embroidered crewneck it has
politics here it's super cozy super
comfy up and basically living in it for
last it's also really exciting because
for so long we've been this community of
women but there's been no real way to
like thread the short girl game but now
we can make it official bring our
relationships in this level and you can
officially be in the club with your
merch small items March so go check it
out you guys in other news I owe you
guys a heap of life updates so first of
all we move into this one-bedroom
apartment I have some really exciting
projects that I'm working on and I'm
going to show you guys the entire
purpose like before and after we're
doing a lot of like our older Brown
evasions we didn't buy it we're renting
we're still in Brooklyn but we're trying
to make it really feel like home like
for so long in my life every apartment I
moved into in New York has a felt sort
of temporary and this is the first place
that really feels like home so you have
these beautiful new boards we really are
creating space to have particular vibe
and Gary and I are this really really
and the other updates I owe you before
we get into a bikini mall which I have
all these bikinis to show you guys today
so don't worry we will get to that my
this will kind of also serve as sort of
a my 12-week fitness challenge to check
in just to catch you guys up in case you
missed it my service what week fitness
challenge for myself was a personal
challenge
on December like 12 around there and
then I extended it to officially gonna
thing kinda April 20th so there's still
a couple weeks left so over the course
of this time I've lost almost nine
pounds my goal was not just weight loss
it was to do body comp get even stronger
and get shredded lose some body fat and
I documented the whole journey so you
can go check out those other videos off
with them in the description below but
you'll see it in my when I do the town
hall that you know sort of a physique
update since the last video or the last
I've died I've been keeping some of you
guys out today on Instagram but anyways
it's been going well I had terrible like
maintenance phase in the middle of my my
journey where it was around the time
when this whole thing hit and we were
all our routines were changing from the
apartment I didn't really stop I just
routines change and I come heading it
back on course so I extended it a bit so
I really really well I'm gonna post a
final recap after April 20th so you guys
so you like the full before-and-after
and give you guys a little down on the
hardest parts the easiest parts
everything that was involved
I've already been keeping you guys up to
date but just so you'll see like the
final results not that it's anything
spinal right and health and fitness like
you're always working on yourself you'll
see in the bikini vics what my physique
is looking like and it's going well
so mo okay so Gary and I were supposed
to go to Thailand in March and obviously
the trip got canceled so I had bought a
bunch of bathing suits just for fun from
zaple for the trip but then of course
I've used them so now I just have all
these bathing suits they're nowhere to
go which is a total first world problem
and I'm very grateful that's you know
we're in this position and we can be
kind of trying to make light and trying
to still create some happy moments for
you guys and I know there's so much
heavy stuff going on and I don't want to
make light of that at all that's
definitely really serious and I'm you
know I'm sending out so much love to
anyone who's really struggling right now
but I do want to continue to provide
content feedback that makes you happy
and just feel good and inspires you to
move your body every day and do what
feels good in your body so that's what
I'm continuing to do so we I'm gonna try
all these bathing suits for you guys
let's talk about saffle for a moment
because I don't love fast fashion and
I've only ordered from zapathon
one other time which was I showed you
guys that bikini mall I mostly do it
because I don't like spending a lot of
money on bikinis because I like to try
it myself my body changes
get more muscular or whatever and then
suddenly bikini that I spent a lot of
money on this at that base so Iowa
example just because it's more
affordable and you can try a lot of
different styles let's just get into it
I'm gonna start off with I think my
favorite from the bunch which is this
velvet bikini I bought all bikinis I
don't know I was just like Tyler Vitus
gonna meet up with me
this one is velvet I'm a huge fan of
velvet I just think it's pretty it's
like the nice pretty texture to see on a
beach it's kind of unusual I like high
cut so I bought like a high leg bikini
this one that fit me really really well
also because it has like halter at the
top I don't you know have a lot of cheap
bikinis
they come with straps that are
adjustable like that never works for me
because my I'm just small right we're
all like mature girls like we haven't
order everything so I if it can't adjust
it's very nice always look for
adjustable straps like this of course
like exactly you know like we said in my
really old Apple Hall nothing was like
not the kind of bikini that you're going
to be doing you know beach volleyball in
okay it will just you'll have some
Madonna Super Bowl moments if you go
that angle it may be worse so I just
wears a bikini is when I'm like lounging
maybe taking photos Sun Tanning walking
around your hotel in this case
to my apartment today they're just
really not that good for active sports
prototype things what I do wear for beta
tour that something more like Jim shark
or like a sport where if you're going to
be like surfing and doing activities
that whole ain't your girl okay but
there's still really cute and this one
is my fave I also love this design I
have now three bathing suits so that
gives us that are like wire but with
this Bend and they just really they're
really flattering on smaller aggressive
women in my opinion and this scoop neck
just makes everything look like long and
beautiful so I really like this one this
one is my baby on why don't we do the
exact same bikini except not velvet and
in a different book okay so like I said
I also bought it in a different color I
bought it in this army green
this one has adjustable straps and it's
not a halter top which it still looks
good I still really love it thank God
with adjustable straps the clasp is
still not fancy it can it can move come
on pretty easily so you have to be
careful not a lot of support if your
bust year like I said I think it's good
for smaller chested women this is a very
cheeky bottom like I would wear this on
the beach but it's pretty cheeky it
would be like my cheekiest and it's it's
just tiny it's highlighted this is the
but something that's kind of funny about
that whole I will say they like all of
their bathing suits not all them a lot
of them the crash burn he's like almost
the exact same length or width
but you can see it's not that much
bigger and this one is like a kind of a
big example which is just kind of funny
because my butt's a lot bigger but
somehow we fit somehow it may work like
this one in particular it's also really
the last make this one so it's going to
dig in more to your sides and like a
velvet material but I still really like
that this felt like kind of like a
second skin and I like the color super
like jungle lives which I'm you know how
to go over that next up maybe this red
one this was giving me they watch fives
I've never owned a little red beta-2
because for some reason I think it's
just because I'm actually pretty pale
certain Reds don't really look good on
my skin tone and like reading certain
red lipsticks I just it just looks scary
like it she's very
whoa so I don't normally get red light a
lot you know what I will be tan
hopefully and I'll get right except so
you know I didn't end up getting tan and
I'm not in that's okay
so I moderate basically the first time I
kind of liked it I liked it
the problem is I do so I love a halter I
love halter top it's athletic it's cute
it helps me like well the girls up by
its it's like I don't know maybe just
it's so unstructured like it just feels
really cheap this one like the pads are
like hard word and they kind of just
soar loosely moving around in there
it doesn't give me like in English of
effect whatsoever and the band is kind
of loose so I would say the top maybe it
was just like kind of a Miss but thought
it was okay overall I will wear it I'm
not saying I'm aware or anything but it
didn't turn out as cute as I worked how
you know sports bras I want it to look
kind of like us profit of a ting zu and
it's just not compress enough that so
well but it was a fun next we have two
white bathing suits let me start with
the one that's like really weird so
there's this one which I bought too
because I knew I wouldn't like one of
them and it really wanted a white suit
this one is kind of I just can't be this
out like arrows you tie the thing around
or like I think it looks better honestly
without this thing and I just took it
off because I was
I don't really know what it's doing it
just looks like it wasn't properly so
anyone's learned about it another thing
about this startup we could see the cups
are really small and act like cardboard
so it wasn't my favorite top it's very
like it kind of just it just sits on me
rather than like lifts mean like makes
me feel hugged it really doesn't do that
and then the bottom is just whatever I
not really no comment you know like it's
an average bottom so this wasn't my
favorite suit I actually don't know if
I'll wear this one it was very cheap so
I can't really complain there but the
other white one right here this one I
like the fabric is different it feels
more well it's not as like this one was
like ribbed and cottony this one's like
spandexy and it's yeah this one was
highlight they're all highlight
I just prefer high like I always said
cheeky very cheeky and then the top
actually was pretty cute I would
definitely wear that's really good for
sunbathing just take it straps out
honestly this was just like a good basic
a lot I have has adjustable straps
something that's good too if you if you
do shop on South whatever a lot of them
have this part is like they can like
come on and off they changed out with
this which I really appreciate this is
not going to fall off because it's not
it's not count hook but I mean the girls
have other ways of falling out you know
like this is not that tight so I'm up do
all sorts of things can get crazy
um so yeah we don't have anywhere to go
now or anywhere for me to wear these but
that's okay fine I thought that I could
make the most of it and share with you
guys what Styles I liked and what I was
trying on we don't really have a reason
to be buying the instance right now but
of course this won't last forever
we will be able to
and yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
little bikini mall the light update and
there will be a lot more to come just
we're getting situated and our apartment
we're designing things I have a lot of
is it worse for you guys as far as
workout content of just fun stuff merch
and you guys go shop smell a text or if
you haven't checked out already
you're going to love this stuff I really
want you guys to be a member of the
charcoal gang and make it official so
we'd all wear it and if you do get
anything make sure you tag me and your
stories on Instagram I'd love to see you
wearing it and yeah I hope you guys have
the greatest day given the circumstances
I hope you're staying healthy and safe
and I will see you guys next time bye
[Music]